# KOTMF Club Meeting 20230803 (August version)
Where: Scott's House
5:30PM
Who: Scott, Becky, Justin, Nic, Tom Z, Tom D, Ed, Kurt 

- National IPA Day!

    A bunch of IPA were consumed during the course of the evening. Including some NEIPA's from Abomination, TreeHouse, Hooker. Some non-NEIPA's from Labyrinth, Dogfish Head, Founders.

- Five different version of the club wheat brew were in attendance and sampled over the course of the evening.

## Agenda + Notes (inline)
**1. Chiller Upgrades**
- CFC should arrive on Saturday (20230805)
- Quick Disconnect for water hoses purchased and being configured
- Allows for use of pool water until it won't cool further, then switch to well water
- We need second return hose (75ft) to return water to the pool
    - can use Nic's military discount for 10% off if we purchase a hose from Lowes
    - looking to see if anyone has spare/old hoses that can be used before purchasing
- about $300 spent currently
- Becky suggesting drop down casters for easy moving of the pump/chiller station

**2. Labyrinth Debrief**
- Sampled the 1st place beer:
        Ed's beer was enjoyed by all, thanks for sharing with those of us that couldn't make the event at the brewery.
- Brewheads Entertainment [video of the event/awards](https://fb.watch/mcKuGm4jL0)
- Congratulations go to Ed (1st) and Tom (2nd) for their winning beers
- Ed's beer will be brewed and on tap for the next Annual Homebrew Championship

**3. Recruiting Efforts**
- Other clubs
    - Some discussion about the Phantom Brewery and Homebrew club moving from Hartford to Haddam(?) area.
    - We should try to recruit some of the local area people to attend the KOTMF meetings
    - suggest we host a meeting in a public venue to bring in new members
- Events
    - very little interest from the other brewers at the Labyrinth event.
- Shop fliers

**4. August Brewday**
    - no brew day

**5. Club Fall Brewdays**
- September is really busy
- Suggest to do Ed's winning Chubby Monk Brew for the October brewday
- Early Nov is the cutoff/last day for brewing
- do it early in Oct so that the Nov date isn't too close
- need to source dark candi sugar in volumn   
- Nic/Tom - tentitive Nov Brewday

**6. Club Malt purchase?**
    Forum thread - most okay on malt until spring

**7. Other Homebrew Events**
- Scott to pull list together of events
    - 20230916 Bristol Chamber of Commerce Brewfest
        - 10 Homebrew spots
        - $50 fee plus you need to brew your own beer
    - 20230923 - Armada so you think you can brew (New Haven)
    - 20231021 - Smoke in the Valley (Derby)
- idea of using some club brew days to produce some beer for these events
- interest in spring - but we don't brew much as a club over the winter/early spring months

**8. Homebrew Comps**
- SNERHC Sunday Oct 22 @ Armada (New Haven)
    - Volunteers need stewards and judges
    - very little interest from members on entering beers
    - very low interest in volunteering - perfectly fine

**9. Jamboree**

**_DID NOT discuss_** - Who's going to [register](http://www.homebrewersjamboree.com) the Knights?
- Who's attending + cabins
- Let's take a crack at filling out the [Jambo Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ZmaaCoLiDPRv6xkrrBSLQ_dTQviO3R-rKbP48FgRowo/edit#gid=1753158337)
- Track down big tent? use it or not? last minute call based on weather?
- We need to setup a double wide space and divide up the serving across the larger space
- Determine how many jockey boxes to use and how to spread beers across them space
- Buy snacks to share with Club funds?
- Justin needs number of taps week before events.  beer descriptions are ok by event
<br><br>
- Onsite:
    - Divide up Pouring
    - Ask if folks want a break from pouring
    - Josh - No Politics Signage
    - Good Neighbors (No mooching off neighbors)

**_DID NOT Discuss:_** Do we want to reach out to other CT clubs?

**Jockey Box Inventory:**
```
Club Box: 1 x Jockey x 11 taps
Beer Engine(s): 1 or 2 x Beer Engines (Scott) 
Other Jockey Boxes:
- Justin Mini 2x Mini
- Ed 3x Tap
- Scott 4x Tap
- Josh club (4x?)
- Nic Dirty 2x Tap
- Kurt Keg Coolers (2?)
```

**10. Other Items**

A robust conversation was had regarding membership, how to be more inclusive.

Questions raised by multiple members regarding the "Knighting" process. Unclear what it means to be a knight, unclear what the requirements are. Some folks are paying, participating members for years yet not knights. This is not the first time that I (Scott) have heard questions about the process and sometimes I have wondered as well.