# KOTMF 20230803
Where: Scott's House
5:30PM
Who: Scott, Becky, Justin, Nic, Tom Z, Tom D, Ed, John, 

## Agenda
1. Chiller Upgrades
    CFC should arrive on saturday, QD for hoses
        Well + pool
        Pool until it won't cool further, then switch to well
        need a 75ft return hose to get to the pool
        use Nic's military discount for 10% off if we purchase a hose from Lowes
        about $300 spent currently
        - Becky to gett drop down casters for moving

2. Laby Debrief
    sampled the winning beer

3. Recruiting Efforts
    - Other clubs
    - Events
    - Shop fliers

4. August Brewday
    - no brew day

5. Club Fall Brewdays
    - september is really busy
    - maybe do the Laby winning brew that ed did for the octtober brewday
    - Early Nov is the cutoff / last day for brewing
    - need to source dark candi sugar in volumn
    - do it early in Oct so that the Nov date isn't too close
    Nic/Tom - Nov Brewday
6. Club Malt purchase?
    Forum thread - most okay on malt until spring

7. Other Homebrew Fest
    - 20230923 - Armada so you think you can brew (New Haven)
    - 20231021 - Smoke in the Valley (Derby)
    - (Litchfield?)
 - Scott to pull list together
 - interest in spring - but we don't brew much

8. Homebrew Comps
    - SNERHC Sunday Oct 22 @ Armada (New Haven)
    - ??


9. Jamboree - http://www.homebrewersjamboree.com/
    - Who's going to register the Knights?
    - Who's attending + cabins
    - Let's take a crack at filling out the Jambo Sheet - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ZmaaCoLiDPRv6xkrrBSLQ_dTQviO3R-rKbP48FgRowo/edit#gid=1753158337
    - Do we want to reach out to other CT clubs
Track down big tent? use it or not? last minute call based on weather?

We need to setup a double wide space and divide up the serving across the larger space

Determine how many jockeyboxes to use and how to spread beers across them space
* 1 x Jockey x 11 taps
* 1 or 2 x Beer Engines 
* Other JB's?
** Justin Mini 2x Mini
** Ed 3x Tap
** Scott 4x Tap
** Josh club (4x?)
** Nic Dirty 2x Tap

Buy snacks to share with Club funds?

Justin needs number of taps week before events.  beer descriptions are ok by event

Onsite:
Divide up Pouring 
Ask if folks want a break from pouring
Josh - No Politics 
Good Neighbors



Other ramblings:
give away three bag of hops
Picked up a sack of crisp heritage chevallier malt
Any one look into non-alc producing yeast?!
Any one try those Athletic beers?
Any one look into the Air Still products? https://www.stillspirits.com
